feat(curriculum): add animations to block 3.2 of the English Curriculum (#54033)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/21-a2-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-talk-about-hobbies-and-interests/657e76356b6af6c07fe338c1.md

title: Task 28
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-28
---

<!-- (Audio) Linda: I've been a cyclist for more than 15 years. It's a love that hasn’t disappeared with time. -->

# --description--

> In the Present Perfect Tense, you can use `for` and `since` to talk about time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Present Perfect Tense, `for` and `since` are used to discuss time duration and starting points.
`For` indicates the length of time an action has been ongoing. `Since` specifies the moment when the action began.
```
